I never want to see him again.
Since I went to the wrong room that night
It seems that since I met him
My life started to get more and more out of control
Increasing preference
It has endangered my health
Including my reputation has also been affected
But what did I get?
Is that what he calls financial aid?
If so
Then I'd rather cut ties
As if nothing had happened
I can also make money for my brother's illness.
You're still too innocent
Although I am friends with him
But I still have to remind you
Behind the Song family is not so simple
What would happen to you if his parents found out?
If you give birth to children
What will happen to the child
Although we are not familiar with
But I already know about you and Zeyu
It's almost the same.
I also see your pity.
I just saved you today.
Let go of brotherhood and talk to you about this
If you think I'm wrong
You can pretend I didn't say no.
You're right actually.
I didn't think it through myself.
I have never met such a person.
I don't know why things went the way they did.
This is it now.
Now I just want to be alone
Here's my card.
Feel free to contact me if you have anything.
By the way, if you don't mind
I can be your friend